Drew: Hello, I'm Drew
McKinney, and I graduated this
year. I'm from the Asheville
area was born in Kings ours. My
name is Janice Osborne Dowdy and
I am a speech language
pathologist. I work with
individuals that have sustained
an acquired brain injury. And I
have had the pleasure of working
with Drew McKinney, throughout
the last several years in his
process of returning to school
through KCTCS online and taking
the classes that he has to help
him to meet his goal to finish
his college degree Drew is a
walking miracle when he
sustained his injury in the year
2010. He was in a coma for five
and a half months though not
only has he been a survivor of
this injury, but he is thriving
the KCTCS program online and all
of the individuals who service
this program have helped Dru
become that sort of thriver and
I think he is he is definitely
unstoppable and they have been a
huge component of giving him a
launching pad all of the
individuals that are involved in
KCTCS online, really were
trying to go above and beyond
for their students. And I feel
like that isn't something that
is necessarily just exclusive to
Drew is very customizable to
each individual. It's very
flexible for being able to take
care of your other life
responsibilities, be it being an
a full time rehabilitation
program. Being a parent being a
full time employee Drew was one
of the folks who you would walk
in and you would think he's he's
not going to survive, let alone
to look at 13 years later, he
walked across the stage to get a
college degree.
Let's get real with us. You'll
get a great education that can
lead to a great career faster,
even better. You want to end up
with crippling debt. College for
the real world college for your
world.